GA of assign roles to groups (#11923)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/group.md

|hideFromAddressLists |Boolean |True if the group is not displayed in certain parts of the Outlook UI: the **Address Book**, address lists for selecting message recipients, and the **Browse Groups** dialog for searching groups; otherwise, false. Default value is **false**. <br><br>Returned only on `$select`. Supported only on the Get group API (`GET /groups/{ID}`)|
|hideFromOutlookClients |Boolean |True if the group is not displayed in Outlook clients, such as Outlook for Windows and Outlook on the web; otherwise, false. Default value is **false**. <br><br>Returned only on `$select`. Supported only on the Get group API (`GET /groups/{ID}`)|
|id|String|The unique identifier for the group. <br><br>Returned by default. Inherited from [directoryObject](directoryobject.md). Key. Not nullable. Read-only.|

> |isAssignableToRole|Boolean|Indicates whether this group can be assigned to an Azure Active Directory role or not.<br><br>This property can only be set while creating the group and is immutable. Only Global Administrator and Privileged Role Administrator roles can set this property. For more information, see [Using a group to manage Azure AD role assignments](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2103037)<br><br>Returned by default.|

Reviewer: Proposed changes changes on other comments. If **no owners** is a requirement, let's also state that here.
```suggestion
|isAssignableToRole|Boolean|Indicates whether this group can be assigned to an Azure Active Directory role.<br><br>This property can only be set while creating the group and is immutable. If set to `true`, the **securityEnabled** property must also be set to `true` and the group cannot be a dynamic group (that is, **groupTypes** cannot contain `DynamicMembership`). Only callers in Privileged Role Administrator and Global Administrator roles can set the value of this property. Optional. For more, see [Using a group to manage Azure AD role assignments](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2103037). <br><br>Returned by default.|
```
